m
so friends of the sun it goes on with
the designs of the week cordially
welcome
today five something simpler science
Nevertheless, they are relatively cool and
That's why I introduce them here
the first design is a unicorn yes who
it would have thought that you can see yes
first off is the reddot usa ca polo
There is another trick down here
the thing and that would have in two
open different directions
that is to say you do not mean that
so open or something but it closes
power is one thing in the one thing
the other way up and then you have
very nice feet for the unicorn we
go on are second design and
Although this is a staircase one
holistic modern staircase and that
Let's go in here and hike the
off and the cool thing is that I already here
the same number I've never tested it that way
now that works and is just you
You see, she is drumming
not so much to say i always want there
Saying more than necessary is something
However, of course, now is missing
a demarcation and maybe that well
should be enough so you can as yet
I'm doing a fence here now
not now but I am here
Upper floor is a very cool
so if you are completely modern now,
build because then that is definitely
a recommendation for your living room
if you build a slightly different staircase
this is also an option for
but be careful you can with this
design no spiral staircase build the way
as it is the case here
because every level is held here by
a pillar and you see me when I am
Now here I would
now in a pillar are so
works here works quite well
as it is done here now but
Of course you can do that with this method
now no
stairs do not build anything here either
It's great that you jump every time
if you want to go up here now
but still very partial from so
is really cool you can do it
meanwhile just decorate with
lighting and so on and so forth
So I think if you go there and
Zion made one more
lighting unit purely then sees that
really cool in your evening
bude h
ok and now we go to the fifth
design this is the fourth design
Sorry , that is from the
rheydter gaming and that is one thing
to be a brain exchanger
brain switcher I have to do it now
take a villager and take it on
best such a pig or so you will
See what's going on and set it
I put it in there and there you go
and because, unfortunately, did not fit purely is
In any case , you can feel that way
Of course you can still imagine
another other villager
reinmachen the snout shut
snout and yes it works
so cool so it works completely
So cool for action movies or
fancy movies in minecraft there it is
every case is quite successful
so set now where is the fifth
design where is that we have to
look up there is the fifth
North Korea has a design of course
also has a presence in minecraft and has
again decided new
make rocket tests and serve more
to celebrate
this one unfortunately ends up on the
mainland and that the design is by bbc
contribution or whatever
and that's a very simple that
They look really cool anyway
that with the ambos with one
defiantly I never know it again
kessel exactly and with a hobby and that
looks like a rocket like that
now flying straight down and here
just before that is to strike here
That with North Korea of ​​course that was just
a joke of love kim jong us a whole
nicer those were the fifth science of
week I thank you for watching
they were relatively simple but me
think that still what you what
needs something useful with it when
now a nursery set up for
For example, you can take the unicorn
as you make your kumpels from determined
happy with that as it was said that was it
from me I hope you turn on
next to 1 of the week zschau